Add info about tests that require window focus and `pyautogui` permissions setup on macOS (#375)
napari/docs: docs/developers/contributing/testing.md

To run our test suite locally, run `pytest` on the command line.  If, for some reason
you don't already have the test requirements in your environment, run `python -m pip install -e .[testing]`.

There are some tests that require showing GUI elements (such
as testing screenshots) and window focus (such as testing drag and drop behavior). By default, these are only run during continuous integration.

> If you'd like to include them in local tests, set the environment variable "CI":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to enable them in local tests, you can set the environment variables: `NAPARI_POPUP_TESTS=1` or `NAPARI_FOCUS_TESTS=1` or set the environment variable `CI=1`:
```

```sh
CI=1 pytest
```

>  Also, if running the tests on macOS, be sure to give the Terminal app `Accessibility` permissions in `System Settings > Privacy & Security > Accessibility` (needed for some tests that rely on `pyautogui`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: setting `CI=1` will also disable certain tests that take too long, etc. on CI.
Also, if running the GUI tests that use `pyautogui` on macOS, be sure to give the Terminal app `Accessibility` permissions in `System Settings > Privacy & Security > Accessibility` so `pyautogui` can control the mouse, keyboard, etc.
```
